The Humanity score represents how close a Kindred remains to their human nature, to specific people vital to them, and how easily they slip away from human concerns and instead towards the whims of the [[beast|Beast]].

__TOC__

==Overview==
Most vampires will begin to drop in Humanity over time with neonates and ancillas sitting around Humanity 5.<ref name=":2">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 238</ref> A vampire player character will start at Humanity 7 unless particular circumstances alter this such as [[predator types|Predator types]]. Those that are freshly [[Embrace|Embraced]] will begin at Humanity 8. Kindred are monsters, regardless of their rating and even the most saintly and highest of Humanity vampires can be morally corrupt. As their Humanity rating changes over the course of time, it's important to keep track of the changes that will occur. As their rating deteriorates over time, their connections alter and soon they might find themselves holding the corpse of a human they had originally never intended to kill.<ref name=":0">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 236</ref>

==Ratings==
===Humanity 10===
Humans with this score are rare, making vampires with this score even rarer.
* [[Blush of Life]] is not needed to blend into mortal society as they appear as a pale and healthy mortal.
* They heal [[Health#Superficial Damage|Superficial Damage]] as a mortal in addition to standard healing.
* Food is able to be tasted, eaten, and digested as a human.
* The ability to stay awake during the day as if human, though they still must sleep at some point.
* Sunlight damage is halved.<ref name=":0" />
===Humanity 9===
Kindred with this rating tend to be more humane than most humans, acting and thinking as mortals would in the same unconscious way as a method actor.
* Without Blush of Life they appear ill.
* They heal Superficial Damage as a mortal in addition to standard healing.
* Taste, eat and digest rare or raw meat and many liquids.
* Rise from day-sleep up to an hour before sunset and stay awake an hour after dawn.<ref name=":0" />
''[[Torpor]] length: Three days<ref name=":4">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 241</ref>''

===Humanity 8===
They are still able to comprehend and feel the pain from the anguish they cause.
* Two dice are used for the Blush of Life checks, taking the highest result between the two.
* With Blush of Life, they can digest and taste wine.
* Rise from day-sleep an hour before sunset.<ref name=":1">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 237</ref>
''Torpor length: One week<ref name=":4" />''

===Humanity 7===
Kindred with this rating can pass for mortal, still subscribing to the strongest of social norms of viewing murder as wrong but have no qualms about going faster than the speed limit or dodging taxes.
* The rules for Humanity 7 are mostly the same for other kindred, with their changes noted in each section below.
* Blush of Life requires a Rouse Check.
* Can fake sexual intercourse by winning a Dexterity + Charisma test versus the partner's Composure or Wits.
* Without Blush of Life, food and drink make them vomit and must make a Composure + Stamina against Difficulty 3 to find a safe place to vomit.<ref name=":1" />
''Torpor length: Two week<ref name=":4" />''

===Humanity 6===
Those at this level are not horrific monsters, but will still do what they need to survive regardless if they must kill someone for it.
* Rules work similar to that above unless otherwise noted.
* Take a one die penalty to the pool for faking sexual intercourse.
* Even with Blush of Life, they must make a Composure + Stamina test against Difficulty 3 to keep food and drink down for one hour.<ref name=":1" />
''Torpor length: One month<ref name=":4" />''

===Humanity 5===
At this level most Kindred only care for their [[Touchstone|Touchstones]], and may manifest some minor physical eeriness or malformation.
* Rules work similar to that above unless otherwise noted.
* Take a one die penalty in rolls to interact with mortals. This applies to most Social dice pools, including insight, persuasion, and when interacting with Touchstones, but not to intimidation, hunting or killing a human, and supernatural Subterfuge (Seduction). The penalty also applies to creating art or other humanities such as poetry.
* Take a two dice penalty to the pool for faking sexual intercourse.<ref name=":2" />
* ''Torpor length: One year<ref name=":4" />''
*

===Humanity 4===
At this level Kindred might have accepted the inevitable downwards spiral, seeing killing as acceptable and other normal social taboos are acceptable. Physically they've begun to appear more deathly up to even appearing corpse-like.
* Rules work similar to that above unless otherwise noted.
* Take a two dice penalty to interact with mortals.
* Even with Blush of Life, they can no longer keep food and drink down.<ref name=":2" />
* ''Torpor length: One decade<ref name=":4" />''
*
===Humanity 3===
Scrapping near the bottom they take the safe route, the pragmatic route, whatever it takes to keep them safe.
* Rules work similar to that above unless otherwise noted.
* Take a four dice penalty to interact with mortals.
* They can no longer fake sexual intercourse.<ref name=":2" />
* ''Torpor length: Five decades<ref name=":4" />''
*
===Humanity 2===
With twisted hobbies that please only them, Kindred at this level have no care for others.
* Rules work similar to that above unless otherwise noted.
* Take a six dice penalty to interact with mortals, but if using Blush of Life the penalty becomes four dice.<ref name=":2" />
* ''Torpor length: One century<ref name=":4" />''
*
===Humanity 1===
Teetering on the edge, they only care for their survival with even their own desires becoming nonexistent.
* Rules work similar to that above unless otherwise noted.
* Take an eight dice penalty on rolls to interact with mortals, but if using Blush of Life the penalty becomes five dice.<ref name=":2" />
* ''Torpor length: Five centuries<ref name=":4" />''
*
===Humanity 0===
The Beast has taken control; leaving the character in a final Rötschreck Frenzy called Wassail with their Physical Attributes all buffed to 5. If they survive this final scene, they become a wight and are taken control of by the [[Storyteller]] as a [[SPC]].<ref name=":3">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 239</ref><ref name=":4" />
{{Template:GameConceptsNavbox}}
[[Category:Index]]

== References ==
