==Attributes==
Attributes represent the character's innate abilities, with 1 being relatively bad, 2 being average, and up to 5 representing peak ability. The Attributes are divided into three separate categories: Physical, Social, and Mental.

When building the sheet, the player will place one attribute at 1 dot, four attributes at 2 dots, three attributes at 3 dots, and one final attribute at 4 dots, with this being the character's best trait.

===Physical===
The Physical Attributes measure the general Strength, Dexterity, and Stamina of a character.

'''[[Strength]]:''' How strong the character is, how much they can lift, and how much force they can exert.

Strength represents the character's ability to deadlift, how hard they hit, and how much force they can exert with their body.

==Dot values==
● They can easily crush a beer can. (Deadlift 20kg)

● ● They are average physically. (Deadlift 45kg)

● ● ● They might be able to break down a wooden door. (Deadlift 115kg)

● ● ● ● A prime physical specimen. (Deadlift 180kg)

● ● ● ● ● Break open a metal door or tear open a chain-link fence. (Deadlift 250kg)

==Example pools==
* Strength + Strength
** To lift a heavy beam.
* Strength + [[Brawl]]
** Conflict pool for fighting or grappling.
* Strength + [[Melee]]
** Using a knife or other weapon.
* Strength + [[Athletics]]
** Fleeing to break conflict
** Throwing heavy things.
* Strength + [[Stamina]]
** Used to survive blood loss after a harmful drink.
* Strength + [[Resolve]]
** A roll made during intense situations.
* Strength + [[Firearms]]
** For a firearm user who is engaging in close combat.
* Strength + [[Intimidation]]
** Using physical strength to intimidate someone such as crunching a trashcan while staring them down.
* Strength + [[Larceny]]
** To break a lock cleanly.

[[Category: Attributes]]
[[Category: Physical]]
[[Category: Index]]

'''[[Dexterity]]:''' How agile a character is, how graceful they can be, or how nimble those fingers are.

Dexterity represents how agile a character is, how graceful they can be, or how nimble their fingers are.

==Dot values==
● They can run but struggle with balance and dodging.

● ● A solid sprint and sometimes can appear graceful.

● ● ● Impressive agility and their coordination is equal to a trained amateur.

● ● ● ● They move in a way few humans can and could excel at acrobatics.

● ● ● ● ● Almost superhuman movements that are liquid and hypnotic.

==Example pools==
* Dexterity + [[Stealth]]
** Sneaking up on another person.
* Dexterity + [[Athletics]]
** Common defense pool often for dodging, throwing
** Climbing
** This roll also helps determine how much falling damage a character might take.
* Dexterity + [[Etiquette]]
** Pretend to eat and behave flawlessly at a formal dinner.
* Dexterity + [[Larceny]]
** Distract someone with one hand and hide a knife with the other.
** Breaking into a safe.
* Dexterity + [[Melee]]
** One handed melee weapons.
* Dexterity + [[Firearms]]
** Quick drawing a gun during a showdown.
* Dexterity + [[Performance]]
** Dancing.
* Dexterity + [[Drive]]
** High speed, complex, or evading traffic when driving.

[[Category: Attributes]]
[[Category: Physical]]
[[Category: Index]]

'''[[Stamina]]:''' The character's physical resistance, how long they can persevere through hazards and other strenuous activities, or how much damage they can absorb.

Stamina represents the character's physical resistance, how long they can persevere through hazards and other strenuous activities, or how much damage they can absorb.

Their [[Health]] is also equal to Stamina + 3.

==Dot values==
● They are winded by lesser exertions.

● ● They can take a beating, but consider suing for peace.

● ● ● They can hike for several days with a backpack without an issue.

● ● ● ● They could win a marathon, or take a tremendous amount of physical pain.

● ● ● ● ● They'd never break a sweat.

==Example pools==
* Stamina + [[Stealth]]
** Remain motionless in bushes waiting with each success allowing them to maintain this for one hour.
* Stamina + [[Athletics]]
** Outrun pursuers.
** Long distance swimming.
* Stamina + [[Strength]]
** Used to survive blood loss after a harmful drink.
* Stamina + [[Composure]]
** Consume food or drink for up to an hour and then make it outside or to a bathroom in time.
* Stamina + [[Resolve]]
** To keep moving after an hour of extreme cold (-30°C or below).

[[Category: Attributes]]
[[Category: Physical]]
[[Category: Index]]

===Social===
The Social Attributes reflect how easily the character can communicate with others to achieve their goals. Through deception or charisma, some battles are easier won through words than combat. These attributes reflect that by determining how their interactions are shaped through their ability to charm, persuade and motivate others to help them; though it is not always as wholesome as it may seem.

'''[[Charisma]]:''' Determines the character's natural appeal, charm and grace. With this attribute they'll be able to draw people into them although do not mistake this for good looks, that is a merit all on its own.

Charisma determines the character's natural appeal, charm and grace. With this attribute they'll be able to draw people into them although do not mistake this for good looks, that is a merit all on its own.

==Dot values==
● They speak clearly but few people tend to listen.

● ● Generally likeable and may even have friends.

● ● ● People trust them and they make friends easily.

● ● ● ● They possess significant personal magnetism and have an easy time drawing in followers.

● ● ● ● ● They could lead a city in a rebellion if they wanted to.

==Example pools==
* Charisma + [[Animal Ken]]
** Used with animal-related abilities.
* Charisma + [[Performance]]
** Giving a speech to a council.
** Or have a rap battle using stage presence instead of rhyming.
* Charisma + [[Subterfuge]]
** Used for fast-talking and conning others.
* Charisma + [[Insight]]
** Play into their rivals desires.
** Used for carousing to influence others.

[[Category: Attributes]]
[[Category: Social]]
[[Category: Index]]

'''[[Manipulation]]:''' Showcases how skilled the character is at being an effective liar, their ability to twist others to a winning point of view, and how deceptive they are.

Manipulation showcases how skilled the character is at being an effective liar, their ability to twist others to a winning point of view, and how deceptive they are.

==Dot values==
● They can convince people to do what they want as long as they remain honest.

● ● Able to deceive the weak willed and simple minded.

● ● ● They never have to pay full price for anything.

● ● ● ● They could be a cult leader or a politician.

● ● ● ● ● They could convince people of utter nonsense.

==Example pools==
* Manipulation + [[Etiquette]]
** Used in a debate.
** Gossip and undermine a rival rather than engaging them in public display.
* Manipulation + [[Intimidation]]
** To give veiled threats.
** Violent interrogation.
** Subtle coercion that uses a perceived threat.
* Manipulation + [[Animal Ken]]
** Distract an animal.
* Manipulation + [[Finance]]
** Convince the clerk they are an IRS auditor.
* Manipulation + [[Persuasion]]
** Whose story will be believed?
** Convince someone the other person is lying.
** Taking something through consent, under the guise of medical work or kink.
** Feeding from a subculture they have high status in.
* Manipulation + [[Insight]]
** Change the resonance of a victim once a month.
* Manipulation + [[Performance]]
** Used to impersonate the victim's manners.
* Manipulation + [[Politics]]
** Convince the city that other designs fit their plans.
* Manipulation + [[Insight]]
** Play on their rival's vanities and desires while involving third parties.
** Peaceful interrogation.
* Manipulation + [[Academics]]
** Don't play chess to win; play to convince someone that they're ruthless enough for a promotion.
* Manipulation + [[Subterfuge]]
** Taking something covertly from their friends and family.
** Feed from their fans or an adoring crowd.
** Conning someone or impersonating an official.
* Manipulation + [[Athletics]]
** Picking someone up at a gym.

[[Category: Attributes]]
[[Category: Social]]
[[Category: Index]]

'''[[Composure]]:''' Reflects how well the character can maintain and command their own emotions. As well as how easily they can calm nerves and the anxieties of others. It also represents their ability to stay calm-headed in heated situations such as verbal fights and even firefights.

Composure reflects how well the character can maintain and command their own emotions. As well as how easily they can calm nerves and the anxieties of others. It also represents their ability to stay calm-headed in heated situations such as verbal fights and even firefights.

Willpower is determined by the value of Composure + [[Resolve]].

At the beginning of a session, characters heal Superficial Willpower damage up to the value of whichever is highest between [[Composure]] and Resolve.

==Dot values==
● The slightest provocations can send them into a rage.

● ● They can subdue their basic instincts in most non-hostile environments.

● ● ● Others look to them for guidance when blood hits the fan.

● ● ● ● They can manage their instincts to some extent and bluff their way through cards with ease.

● ● ● ● ● Their instincts are their pet.

==Example pools==
* Composure + [[Etiquette]]
** To divert discussion and break off conflict.
** Increase their social positions while dealing with a rival.
** Finding the perfect dance at a ball.
* Composure + [[Stamina]]
** To consume food or drink and keep it down for one hour.
* Composure + [[Subterfuge]]
** The resistance pool for supernatural abilities.
** Resistance pool for mind-reading abilities.
** Fake a direct sip during a potential bonding.
* Composure + [[Resolve]]
** Used to resist many supernatural effects.
** The resistance pool for mind control abilities.
** Resisting violent interrogation.
** Resisting subtle intimidation and physical intimidation.
* Composure + [[Intelligence]]
** The resistance pool for mind control abilities.
** The resistance pool for rage-inducing abilities.
** The resistance pool for awe-inspiring abilities.
* Composure + [[Wits]]
** The resistance pool for entrancement abilities.
** Resisting peaceful interrogation.
* Composure + [[Occult]]
** The resistance pool for supernatural abilities.
* Composure + [[Larceny]]
** Extracting a relic from a laser field.
* Composure + [[Firearms]]
** Standard guns blazing firefight.
* Composure + [[Animal Ken]]
** Find and catch an animal.
* Composure + [[Insight]]
** Avoid bonding by being careful.
** Detecting if someone is attempting to fast talk you.
* Composure + [[Survival]]
** Remove the flaming materials from a molotov cocktail.

[[Category: Attributes]]
[[Category: Social]]
[[Category: Index]]

===Mental===
The Mental Attributes represent the character's natural intuition, the ability to learn quickly and react quickly with thoughts rather than their bodies. It also represents their determination and dedication to accomplishing something.

'''[[Intelligence]]:''' Represents the character's ability to gather knowledge through research or reason as well as apply logic to an ongoing problem. They have an easier time recalling information they have gathered before and can analyze information from the world around them or the books they've read.

Intelligence represents the character's ability to gather knowledge through research or reason as well as apply logic to an ongoing problem. They have an easier time recalling information they have gathered before and can analyze information from the world around them or the books they've read.

==Dot values==
● They can read and write, but some terms confuse them.

● ● They are smart enough to realize their own limitations.

● ● ● They are able to piece together clues without difficulty.

● ● ● ● Likely to be consulted for their intelligence.

● ● ● ● ● A genius.

==Example pools==
* Intelligence + [[Medicine]]
** Convert aggravated damage to superficial damage.
** Spotting a disease in a human.
* Intelligence + [[Larceny]]
** Gather information about an alarm system.
** Getting past a roof alarm.
** Blowing a safe or breaching wall.
* Intelligence + [[Occult]]
** Reading a book that requires translation in the process.
** Impress someone with their knowledge.
* Intelligence + [[Linguistics]]
** Decipher a papyrus.
* Intelligence + [[Investigation]]
** Check a crime scene for clues.
* Intelligence + [[Resolve]]
** To resist bonds.
** Used to resist mind control abilities.
** Used to resist rage-inducing abilities.
* Intelligence + [[Survival]]
** Following tracks.
** Burying a body outside undetected.
* Intelligence + [[Craft]]
** Win an architectural contest.
** Building false compartments or secret chambers.
* Intelligence + [[Academics]]
** Playing chess.
** Building false compartments or secret chambers and relying on a team.
* Intelligence + [[Persuasion]]
** Convince someone that their opponent is lying through research instead of smooth talking.
* Intelligence + [[Streetwise]]
** Urban camouflage.
* Intelligence + [[Awareness]]
** For hunters to spot supernatural creatures reliably.
* Intelligence + [[Technology]]
** Hacking into a computer system.
** Used for old school wire and clock parts bombs.
** Setting a car bomb.
* Intelligence + [[Science]]
** Building explosives.
* Intelligence + [[Firearms]]
** Preparedness roll of having bought a silencer.
* Intelligence + [[Insight]]
** Prepare an oration for a crowd.

[[Category: Attributes]]
[[Category: Mental]]
[[Category: Index]]

'''[[Wits]]:''' Reflects the character's ability to think quickly on their feet and make decisions based on the information around them or from prior knowledge. Wits allow the character to pick up sounds and smells around them, perhaps preventing a possible ambush from happening without warning. It is also representative of a character's street smarts and know what to say in the heat of the moment. Rather than mulling on it the next night and realizing they had the perfect comeback the entire time.

Wits reflects the character's ability to think quickly on their feet and make decisions based on the information around them or from prior knowledge. Wits allow the character to pick up sounds and smells around them, perhaps preventing a possible ambush from happening without warning. It is also representative of a character's street smarts and know what to say in the heat of the moment. Rather than mulling on it the next night and realizing they had the perfect comeback the entire time.

==Dot values==
● They get to the point eventually, but need to be explained to.

● ● They can usually bet the odds in a game of poker or activate emergency breaks on time.

● ● ● They can analyze a situation quickly and get out of the situation with the best route.

● ● ● ● They are never caught on the back foot and find a comeback quickly.

● ● ● ● ● They think and respond faster than most people can understand.

==Example pools==
* Wits + [[Awareness]]
** Notice hidden things, in the moment.
* Wits + [[Investigation]]
** Noticing clues.
* Wits + [[Technology]]
** Operating drones.
* Wits + [[Streetwise]]
** Finding a GPS tracker on a vehicle.
* Wits + [[Survival]]
** Tracking by following evidence like footprints.

[[Category: Attributes]]
[[Category: Mental]]
[[Category: Index]]

'''[[Resolve]]:''' Measures the raw determination of a character and how strong their focus truly is. This Attribute powers the all-night stakeouts. Allowing the character to create a mental block from any distractions, showcasing their mental fortitude and concentration.

Resolve measures the raw determination of a character and how strong their focus truly is. This Attribute powers the all-night stakeouts. Allowing the character to create a mental block from any distractions, showcasing their mental fortitude and concentration.

[[Willpower]] is determined by the value of [[Composure]] + Resolve.

At the beginning of a session, characters heal Superficial Willpower damage up to the value of whichever is highest between [[Composure]] and Resolve.

==Dot values==
● They have minimal attention for anything that isn't pressing.

● ● They can settle in for the short long haul.

● ● ● Distracting them takes longer than most people are willing to attempt.

● ● ● ● They can brute force a way to an answer.

● ● ● ● ● They can think in a gunfight or watch the door and clean up whatever mess follows impeccably.

==Example pools==
* Resolve + [[Composure]]
** Used to resist many supernatural effects.
* Resolve + [[Intelligence]]
** Resist a monster's command/compel action.
* Resolve + [[Stamina]]
** Holding breath.
** Be able to move after an hour of extreme cold.
* Resolve + [[Academics]]
** Researching through books, ledgers and journals.
* Resolve + [[Awareness]]
** Researching by digging through physical materials.
** Surveillance.
** Pick out key details out of a cloud of distractions, e.g. notice small blemish on large painting.
* Resolve + [[Investigation]]
** Questioning people.
* Resolve + [[Larceny]]
** Cleaning up a murder scene.

[[Category: Attributes]]
[[Category: Mental]]
[[Category: Index]] 