==Attributes==
Attributes represent the characters innate abilities, with 1 being relatively bad, 2 being average and up to 5 which represents peak ability. The Attributes are divided into three separate categories; Physical, Social and Mental. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 155</ref>

When building the sheet; the player will place one attribute at 1 dot, four attributes at 2 dots, three attributes at 3 dots, and one final attribute at 4 dots with this being the vampire's best trait. 

===[[Physical]] ===
The Physical Attributes measure the general Strength, Dexterity, and Stamina of a character. These Attributes represent the mortal prowess of a vampire's body. Though through the use of certain Disciplines, vampires often exceed the abilities of an otherwise frail-looking physique. 

'''[[Strength]]:''' How strong the character is, how much they can lift, and how much force they can exert.

Strength represents the character's ability to deadlift, how hard they hit, and how much force they can exert with their body. <ref name=":0">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 155</ref>

== Dot values ==
● They can easily crush a beer can. (Deadlift 20kg)

● ● They are average physically. (Deadlift 45kg)

● ● ● They might be able to break down a wooden door. (Deadlift 115kg)

● ● ● ● A prime physical specimen. (Deadlift 180kg)

● ● ● ● ● Break open a metal door or tear open a chain-link fence. (Deadlift 250kg) <ref name=":0" />

== Example pools ==

* Strength + Strength
** To lift a heavy beam. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 118</ref>
* Strength + [[Brawl]]
** Conflict pool for fighting or grappling. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 124</ref>
* Strength + [[Melee]]
** Using a knife or other weapon such as a stake. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 129</ref>
* Strength + [[Athletics]]
** Fleeing to break conflict<ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 130</ref> 
** Throwing heavy things. <ref name=":1">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 410</ref>
* Strength + [[Stamina]]
** Used by mortals to survive blood loss after a harmful drink. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 212</ref>
* Strength + [[Resolve]]
** A roll made during Diablerie. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 236</ref>
* Strength + [[Blood Sorcery]]
** Used by Blood Sorcerers who use powers like [[Blood Sorcery#Scorpion's Touch|Scorpion's Touch]] or [[Blood Sorcery#Baal's Caress|Baal's Caress]]. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 273</ref>
* Strength + [[Alchemy]]
** Used by alchemists who use powers such as Airborne Momentum. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 287</ref>
* Strength + [[Firearms]]
** For a firearm user who is engaging in close combat. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 302</ref>
* Strength + [[Intimidation]]
** Using physical strength to intimidate someone such as crunching a trashcan while staring them down. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 305</ref>
* Strength + [[Larceny]]
** To break a lock cleanly. <ref name=":1" />
{{GameConceptsNavbox}}

== References ==

[[Category: Attributes]]
[[Category: Physical]]
[[Category: Index]]

'''[[Dexterity]]:''' How agile a character is, how graceful they can be, or how nimble those fingers are.

Dexterity represents how agile a character is, how graceful they can be, or how nimble their fingers are.<ref name=":0">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 155</ref>

== Dot values ==
● They can run but struggle with balance and dodging.

● ● A solid sprint and sometimes can appear graceful.

● ● ● Impressive agility and their coordination is equal to a trained amateur.

● ● ● ● They move in a way few humans can and could excel at acrobatics.

● ● ● ● ● Almost superhuman movements that are liquid and hypnotic. <ref name=":0" />

== Example pools ==

* Dexterity + [[Stealth]]
** Sneaking up on another person.<ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 123</ref>
* Dexterity + [[Athletics]]
** Common defense pool often for dodging, throwing<ref name=":1">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 301</ref> 
** Climbing <ref name=":2">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 409</ref> 
** This roll also helps determine how much falling damage a character might take. <ref name=":2" /> 
* Dexterity + [[Etiquette]]
** Pretend to eat and behave flawlessly at the governor's formal dinner. <ref name=":3">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 128</ref> 
* Dexterity + [[Larceny]]
** Distract someone with one hand and hide a knife with the other. <ref name=":3" /> 
** Breaking into a safe. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 410</ref> 
* Dexterity + [[Charisma]]
** Faking sex per [[Humanity]] rules. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 237</ref> 
* Dexterity + [[Medicine]]
** Remove a shattered stake splinter from the body per [[Blood Sorcery Rituals#Shaft of Belated Dissolution|Shaft of Belated Dissolution]]. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 282</ref> 
* Dexterity + [[Melee]]
** One handed melee weapons. <ref name=":1" /> 
* Dexterity + [[Firearms]]
** Quick drawing a gun during a cowboy showdown. <ref name=":1" /> 
* Dexterity + [[Performance]]
** Dancing. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 326</ref> 
* Dexterity + [[Drive]]
** High speed, complex, or evading traffic when driving. <ref name=":2" /> 
{{GameConceptsNavbox}}

== References ==

[[Category: Attributes]]
[[Category: Physical]]
[[Category: Index]]

'''[[Stamina]]:''' The character's physical resistance, how long they can persevere through hazards and other strenuous activities, or how much damage they can absorb.

Dexterity represents the character's physical resistance, how long they can persevere through hazards and other strenuous activities, or how much damage they can absorb.<ref name=":0">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 155</ref> 

Their [[Health]] is also equal to Stamina + 3.<ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 119</ref> 

==Dot values==
● They are winded by lesser exertions.

● ● They can take a beating, but consider suing for peace.

● ● ● They can hike for several days with a backpack without an issue.

● ● ● ● They could win a marathon, or take a tremendous amount of physical pain.

● ● ● ● ● They'd never break a sweat, if they were mortal. <ref name=":0" />

==Example pools==

*Stamina + [[Stealth]]
**Remain motionless in bushes waiting with each success allowing them to maintain this for one hour. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 128</ref>
*Stamina + [[Athletics]]
**Outrun pursuers. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 129</ref> 
**Long distance swimming. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 411</ref>
*Stamina + [[Strength]]
**Used by mortals to survive blood loss after a harmful drink. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 212</ref>
*Stamina + [[Composure]]
**Consume food or drink for up to an hour and then make it outside or to a bathroom in time. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 218</ref> 
**Resist pool for powers such as [[Blood Sorcery#Extinguish Vitae|Extinguish Vitae]]. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 273</ref> 
**Concealing non-Duskborn from XScopes while using [[Blush of Life]]. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 379</ref>
*Stamina + [[Occult]] or [[Fortitude]]
**Used to resist many powers in [[Blood Sorcery]]. Such as [[Blood Sorcery#Scorpion's Touch|Scorpion's Touch]]. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 273</ref>
*Stamina + [[Resolve]]
**To keep moving after an hour of extreme cold (-30°C or below). <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 221</ref> 
**Resistant rolls for powers such as [[Animalism#Quell the Beast|Quell the Beast]]. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 246</ref> 
**Also used to touch warded objects when affected. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 275</ref> 
**Part of the process for [[Thin-blood Alchemy#Profane Hieros Gamos|Profane Hieros Gamos]].<ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 286</ref>
*Stamina + [[Animalism]]
**To imbue an animal with a power such as [[Animalism#Enduring Beasts|Enduring Beasts]]. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 259</ref> 
*Stamina + [[Alchemy]]
**The distillation roll of Athanor Corporis. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 284</ref>
*Stamina + [[Survival]]
**Resistance roll such as with [[Thin-blood Alchemy#Envelop|Envelop]]. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 285</ref>

{{GameConceptsNavbox}}
==References==

[[Category: Attributes]]
[[Category: Physical]]
[[Category: Index]]

<references />

===[[Social]]===
The Social Attributes reflect how easily the character can communicate with vampires and mortals alike to achieve their goals. Through deception or charisma, some battles are easier won through words than combat. These attributes reflect that by determining how their interactions are shaped through their ability to charm, persuade and motivate others to help them; though it is not always as wholesome as it may seem.

'''[[Charisma]]:''' Determines the character's natural appeal, charm and grace. With this attribute they'll be able to draw people into them although do not mistake this for good looks, that is a merit all on it's own. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 179</ref>

Charisma determines the character's natural appeal, charm and grace. With this attribute they'll be able to draw people into them although do not mistake this for good looks, that is a merit all on it's own.<ref name=":0">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 156</ref> 

''Refer to: [[Merits and Flaws#Looks|Looks Merits.]]''  
==Dot values==
● They speak clearly but few people tend to listen. 

● ● Generally likeable even if they are undead and may even have friends. 

● ● ● People trust them and they make friends easily. 

● ● ● ● They possess significant personal magnetism and have an easy time drawing in followers. 

● ● ● ● ● They could lead a city in a rebellion if they wanted to.<ref name=":0" /> 
==Example pools==

* Charisma + [[Dexterity]]
** Faking sex per [[Humanity]] rules. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 237</ref>
* Charisma + [[Animal Ken]]
** Used with [[Animalism]] powers such as [[Animalism#Bond Famulus|Bond Famulus]]. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 245</ref>
* Charisma + [[Dominate]]
** Used with Dominate powers such as [[Dominate#Cloud Memory|Cloud Memory]]. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 256</ref>
* Charisma + [[Presence]]
** Used with Presence powers such as [[Presence#Dread Gaze|Dread Gaze.]]<ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 267</ref>
* Charisma + [[Performance]]
** Giving a speech to a council. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 299</ref> 
** Or have a rap battle using stage presence instead of rhyming. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 305</ref>
* Charisma + [[Subterfuge]]
** Attempting to convince others into [[Blood Bond|Blood Bo]]<nowiki/>[[Blood Bond|nd]]<nowiki/>s. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 304</ref> 
** Feeding as a <nowiki/>[[Predator types#Siren|Siren]]. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 308</ref> 
** Used for fast-talking and conning others.<nowiki/> <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 413</ref>
* Charisma + [[Insight|Insig]]<nowiki/>[[Insight|ht]]
** Play into their rivals desires. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 305</ref> 
** Used for carousing to influence others. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 412</ref>
{{GameConceptsNavbox}}

==References==

[[Category: Attributes]]
[[Category: Social]]
[[Category: Index]]

'''[[Manipulation]]:''' Showcases how skilled the character is at being an effective liar, their ability to twist others to a winning point of view, and how deceptive they are.

Manipulation showcases how skilled the character is at being an effective liar, their ability to twist others to a winning point of view, and how deceptive they are. <ref name=":1">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 156</ref> 
==Dot values==
● They can convince people to do what they want as long as they remain honest. 

● ● Able to decieve the weak willed and simple minded. 

● ● ● They never have to pay full price for anything. 

● ● ● ● They could be a cult leader or a politician. 

● ● ● ● ● They could convince the Prince to invest in desert property. <ref name=":1" /> 
==Example pools==

* Manipulation + [[Etiquette]]
** Used in a debate. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 124</ref> 
** Gossip and undermine a rival rather than engaging them in public display. <ref name=":2">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 305</ref>
* Manipulation + [[Intimidation]]
** To give veiled threats. <ref name=":0">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 128</ref> 
** Violent interrogation. <ref name=":3">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 413</ref> 
** Subtle coercion that uses a percieved threat. <ref name=":4">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 414</ref>
* Manipulation + [[Animal Ken]]
** Distract an animal. <ref name=":0" />
* Manipulation + [[Finance]]
** Convince the the clerk they are a IRS auditor. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 129</ref>
* Manipulation + [[Persuasion]]
** Whose story will the Prince believe? <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 129</ref> 
** Convince someone the other person is lying. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 304</ref> 
** Taking blood through consent, under the guise of medical work or kink.<ref name=":5">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 307</ref> 
** Feeding from a subculture they have high status in. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 308</ref>
* Manipulation + [[Insight]]
** Change the [[Resonance]] of a victim once a month. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 190</ref>
* Manipulation + [[Animalism]]
** Used in Animalism powers such as [[Animalism#Feral Whispers|Feral Whispers]]. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 246</ref>
* Manipulation + [[Performance]]
** Used to impersonate the victim's manners in [[Auspex#Possession|Possession]]. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 251</ref> 
** Or with [[Obfuscate]] [[Obfuscate#Imposter's Guide|Imposter's Guide]]. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 263</ref>
* Manipulation + [[Dominate]]
** Used in Dominate powers such as [[Dominate#Mesmerize|Mesmerize]].<ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 256</ref>
* Manipluation + [[Potence]]
** Used in Potence powers such as [[Potence#Spark of Rage|Spark of Rage]]. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 265</ref>
* Manipulation + [[Presence]]
** Used in Presence powers such as [[Presence#Awe|Awe]]. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 267</ref>
* Manipulation + [[Alchemy]]
** Used in the distillation method Calcinatio. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 284</ref>
* Manipulation + [[Politics]]
** Convince the city that other designs fit their plans. <ref name=":2" />
* Manipulation + [[Insight]]
** Play on their rival's vanities and desires while involving third parties. <ref name=":2" /> 
** Peaceful interrogation. <ref name=":3" />
* Manipulation + [[Academics]]
** Don't play chess to win; play to convince the Ventrue that their ruthless enough for a promotion.<ref name=":2" />
* Manipulation + [[Subterfuge]]
** Taking blood covertly from their mortal friends and family. <ref name=":5" /> 
** Feed from their fans or an adoring crowd.<ref name=":5" /> 
** Conning someone or impersonating an official. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 412</ref>
* Manipulation + [[Athletics]]
** Picking someone up at a gym. <ref name=":4" />
{{GameConceptsNavbox}}

==References==

[[Category: Attributes]]
[[Category: Social]]
[[Category: Index]]

'''[[Composure]]:''' Reflects how well the character can maintain and command their own emotions. As well as how easily they can calm nerves and the anxieties of others. It also represents their ability to stay calm-headed in heated situations such as verbal fights and even firefights. 

Composure reflects how well the character can maintain and command their own emotions. As well as how easily they can calm nerves and the anxieties of others. It also represents their ability to stay calm-headed in heated situations such as verbal fights and even firefights. <ref name=":0">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 156</ref> 

Willpower is determined by the value of Composure + [[Resolve]]. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 157</ref>

At the beginning of a session, characters heal Superficial Willpower damage up to the value of whichever is highest between [[Composure]] and Resolve. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 127</ref>
==Dot values==
● The slightest provocations can send them into a rage. 

● ● They can subdue their predatory nature in most non-hostile enviroments. 

● ● ● Others look to them for guidance when blood hits the fan. 

● ● ● ● They can manage their Beast to some extent and bluff their way through cards with ease. 

● ● ● ● ● The Beast is their pet. <ref name=":0" /> 
==Example pools==

* Composure + [[Etiquette]]
** To divert discussion and break off conflict. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 130</ref> 
** Increase their social positions at Elysium while dealing with a rival. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 304</ref> 
** Finding the perfect dance at a ball. <ref name=":1">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 414</ref>
* Composure + [[Stamina]]
** To consume food or drink without [[Blush of Life]] and keep it down for one hour. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 218</ref> 
** The resistance pool for [[Blood Sorcery]] powers such as [[Blood Sorcery#Extinguish Vitae|Extinguish Vitae]]. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 273</ref> 
** A non-[[Thin-blood|Duskborn]] concealing themselves with [[Blush of Life]] active against an XScope. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 379</ref>
* Composure + [[Subterfuge]]
** The resistance pool for [[Animalism]] powers such as [[Animalism#Sense the Beast|Sense the Beast]].<ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 245</ref> 
** Resistance pool for [[Auspex]] powers such as [[Auspex#Scry the Soul|Scry the Soul]]. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 250</ref> 
** Fake a direct sip during a potential [[Blood Bond]]. <ref name=":2">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 310</ref>
* Composure + [[Resolve]]
** Used to resist many Disciplines. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 118</ref> 
** The resistance pool for [[Animalism]] powers such as [[Animalism#Drawing out the Beast|Drawing out the Beast]]. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 247</ref> 
** The resistance pool for [[Presence]] powers such as [[Presence#Dread Gaze|Dread Gaze]].<ref name=":3">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 267</ref> 
** Resisting violent interrogation. <ref name=":4">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 413</ref> 
** Resisting subtle intimidation and physical intimidation. <ref name=":1" />
* Composure + [[Intelligence]]
** The resistance pool for [[Dominate]] powers such as [[Dominate#Dementation|Dementation]]. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 256</ref> 
** The resistance pool for [[Potence]] powers such as [[Potence#Spark of Rage|Spark of Rage]]. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 265</ref> 
** The resistance pool for [[Presence]] powers such as [[Presence#Awe|Awe]]. <ref name=":3" />
* Composure + [[Wits]]
** The resistance pool for [[Presence]] powers such as [[Presence#Entrancement|Entrancement]]. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 268</ref> 
** Resisting peaceful interrogation. <ref name=":4" />
* Composure + [[Occult]] or [[Fortitude]]
** The resistance pool for [[Blood Sorcery]] powers such as [[Blood Sorcery#Cauldron of Blood|Cauldron of Blood]]. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 274</ref>
* Composure + [[Occult]]
** The resistance pool for [[Blood Sorcery]] powers such as [[Blood Sorcery#Truth of Blood|Truth of Blood]]. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 277</ref>
* Composure + [[Larceny]]
** Extracting a relic from a laser field. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 294</ref>
* Composure + [[Firearms]]
** Standard guns blazing firefight. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 301</ref>
* Composure + [[Animal Ken]]
** Find and catch an animal to feed from. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 307</ref>
* Composure + [[Insight]]
** Avoid the [[Blood Bond]] by being careful. <ref name=":2" /> 
** Detecting if someone is attempting to fast talk you. <ref name=":4" />
* Composure + [[Survival]]
** Remove the flaming materials from a molotov cocktail. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 380</ref>
{{GameConceptsNavbox}}

==References==

[[Category: Attributes]]
[[Category: Social]]
[[Category: Index]]

=== [[Mental]]===
The Mental Attributes represent the character's natural intuition, the ability to learn quickly and react quickly with thoughts rather than their bodies. It also represents their determination and dedication to accomplishing something.

'''[[Intelligence]]:''' Represents the character's ability to gather knowledge through research or reason as well as apply logic to an ongoing problem. They have an easier time recalling information they have gathered before and can analyze information from the world around them or the books they've read.

Intelligence represents the character's ability to gather knowledge through research or reason as well as apply logic to an ongoing problem. They have an easier time recalling information they have gathered before and can analyze information from the world around them or the books they've read. <ref name=":0">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 156</ref> 
==Dot values==
● They can read and write, but some terms confuse them. 

● ● They are smart enough to realize their own limitations. 

● ● ● They are able to piece together clues without difficulty. 

● ● ● ● Likely to be consulted by members of the [[Tremere]] for their intelligence. 

● ● ● ● ● A genius. <ref name=":0" /> 
==Example pools==

* Intelligence + [[Medicine]]
** Convert [[Health|Aggravated damage]] to Superficial damage for mortals. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 127</ref> 
** Spotting a disease in a human. <ref name=":1">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 408</ref>
* Intelligence + [[Larceny]]
** Gather information about an alarm system. <ref name=":2">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 129</ref> 
** Getting past a roof alarm. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 294</ref> 
** Blowing a safe or breaching wall. <ref name=":1" />
* Intelligence + [[Occult]]
** Reading a book that requires translation in the process. <ref name=":2" /> 
** Impress a Tremere with their knowledge. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 294</ref>
* Intelligence + [[Linguistics]]
** Decipher a papyrus. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 179</ref>
* Intelligence + [[Investigation]]
** Check a crime scene for clues. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 205</ref>
* Intelligence + [[Resolve]]
** To resist [[Blood Bond|Blood Bonds]]. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 234</ref> 
** Used to resist [[Dominate]] powers such as Cloud Memory. <ref name=":3">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 256</ref> 
** Used to resist [[Potence]] powers such as Spark of Rage. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 265</ref>
* Intelligence + [[Auspex]]
** Used for many Auspex powers such as Spirit's Touch and Scry the Soul. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 250</ref>
* Intelligence + [[Composure]]
** Used to resist Dominate powers such as Dementation. <ref name=":3" /> 
** Used to resist [[Presence]] powers such as Awe. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 267</ref>
* Intelligence + [[Obfuscate]]
** Used to activate some Obfuscate powers such as Conceal. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 262</ref>
* Intelligence + [[Blood Sorcery]]
** Used to activate Blood Sorcery such as Extinguish Vitae. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 273</ref> 
** Also used to activate [[Blood Sorcery Rituals]]. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Coteries of New York]], page 275</ref>
* Intelligence + [[Survival]]
** Following tracks. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 277</ref> 
** Burying a body outside undetected. <ref name=":4">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 407</ref>
* Intelligence + [[Thin-blood Alchemy|Alchemy]]
** Used for the Fixatio method. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 284</ref>
* Intelligence + [[Craft]]
** Win an architectural contest. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 304</ref> 
** Putting up Kindred Iconography posters, paintings or graffiti.<ref name=":5">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 323</ref> 
** Building false compartments or secret chambers. <ref name=":4" />
* Intelligence + [[Academics]]
** Playing chess. <ref name=":6">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 305</ref> 
** Building false compartments or secret chambers and relying on a team. <ref name=":1" />
* Intelligence + [[Persuasion]]
** Convince the Prince that their opponent is lying through research instead of smooth talking. <ref name=":6" />
* Intelligence + [[Streetwise]]
** Acquiring bloodbags through the [[Predator types#Bagger|Bagger Predator Type]]. <ref name=":12">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 307</ref>
** Spotting or otherwise understanding Kindred Iconography. <ref name=":5" /> 
** Urban camouflage. <ref name=":4" />
* Intelligence + [[Awareness]]
** For hunters to spot vampires reliably with a chaoscope. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 378</ref>
* Intelligence + [[Technology]]
** Hacking into a computer system. <ref name=":4" /> 
** Used for old school wire and clock parts bombs. <ref name=":1" /> 
** Setting a car bomb. <ref name=":1" />
* Intelligence + [[Science]]
** Building explosive. <ref name=":1" />
* Intelligence + [[Firearms]]
** Preparedness roll of having bought a silencer. <ref name=":1" />
* Intelligence + [[Insight]]
** Prepare an oration for a crowd. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 414</ref>
{{GameConceptsNavbox}}

==References==

[[Category: Attributes]]
[[Category: Mental]]
[[Category: Index]]

'''[[Wits]]:''' Reflects the character's ability to think quickly on their feet and make decisions based on the information around them or from prior knowledge. Wits allow the character to pick up sounds and smells around them, perhaps preventing a possible ambush from happening without warning. It is also representative of a character's street smarts and know what to say in the heat of the moment. Rather than mulling on it the next night and realizing they had the perfect comeback to that snobby harpy the entire time.

Wits reflects the character's ability to think quickly on their feet and make decisions based on the information around them or from prior knowledge. Wits allow the character to pick up sounds and smells around them, perhaps preventing a possible ambush from happening without warning. It is also representative of a character's street smarts and know what to say in the heat of the moment. Rather than mulling on it the next night and realizing they had the perfect comeback to that snobby harpy the entire time. <ref name=":0">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 156-157</ref> 
==Dot values==
● They get to the point eventually, but need to be explained to. 

● ● They can usually bet the odds in a game of poker or activate emergency breaks on time. 

● ● ● They can analyze a situation quickly and get out of the situation with the best route. 

● ● ● ● They are never caught on the back foot and find a comeback quickly. 

● ● ● ● ● They think and respond faster than most people can understand. <ref name=":0" /> 
==Example pools==

*
{{GameConceptsNavbox}}

==References==

[[Category: Attributes]]
[[Category: Mental]]
[[Category: Index]]

'''[[Resolve]]:''' Measures the raw determination of a character and how strong their focus truly is. This Attribute powers the all-night stakeouts. Allowing the character to create a mental block from any distractions, showcasing their mental fortitude and concentration.  
Resolve measures the raw determination of a character and how strong their focus truly is. This Attribute powers the all-night stakeouts. Allowing the character to create a mental block from any distractions, showcasing their mental fortitude and concentration. 

[[Willpower]] is determined by the value of [[Composure]] + Resolve.<ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 157</ref>

At the beginning of a session, characters heal Superficial Willpower damage up to the value of whichever is highest between [[Composure]] and Resolve. <ref name=":0">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 127</ref> 
==Dot values==
● They have minimal attention for anything that isn't pressing. 

● ● They can settle in for the short long haul. 

● ● ● Distracting them takes longer than most people are willing to attempt. 

● ● ● ● They can brute force a way to an answer. 

● ● ● ● ● They can think in a gunfight or watch the door and clean up whatever mess follows impeccably. <ref name=":0" /> 
==Example pools==

* Resolve + [[Composure]]
** Used to resist many Disciplines. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 118</ref>
{{GameConceptsNavbox}}

==References==

[[Category: Attributes]]
[[Category: Mental]]
[[Category: Index]]