==Sample Compulsions==
=== Hunger===
The vampire will do whatever it takes to slake their hunger, any action taken that does immediately lead to obtaining blood suffers a two-dice penalty. This ends when the vampire slakes at least 1 [[Hunger system|Hunger]] level.<ref name=":0">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 208</ref>
===Dominance===
The vampire's next action is a competition and they desire to gloat in the face of someone they beat. During this time they are unable to utilize teamwork or any actions taken not leading to gloating, establishing dominance or challenging authority at a two-dice penalty. This ends when they have beaten someone in some way and gloated over it.<ref name=":0" />

===Harm===
The vampire desires to inflict harm, be it social, mental or physical harm. Any actions not immediately resulting in someone else's pain, the vampire suffers a two-dice penalty. This ends once they have driven away, incapacitates or destroys a target. If the target is an object rather than a person, it must hold serious value to someone.<ref name=":1">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 209</ref>

===Paranoia===
The vampire becomes overwhelmed with fearful paranoia, looking to disengage from a threat or suspecting anyone near them. Any action not taken to getting them somewhere safe suffers a two-dice penalty. This ends when they have spent roughly an hour in a safe place.<ref name=":1" />

===Insurmountable Regrets===
The vampire is haunted by the memory of something that they did or didn't do when it really mattered. They gain the Compulsion to redo what they did wrong. It comes in two variants:<ref name="IM135">[[Vampire: The Masquerade In Memoriam]], page 135</ref>
* Regret of Inaction: The vampire regrets something they didn't do, this Compulsion causes as overwhelming desire to take action. They feel compelled to make the most aggressive choice when in a dilemma. Actions taken to resist the Compulsion are done at a two-dice penalty. The Compulsion ends when given into.<ref name="IM136">[[Vampire: The Masquerade In Memoriam]], page 136</ref>
* Regret of Action: The vampire regrets something they did, this Compulsion causes them to hesitate. When they suffer from it, they feel compelled to withdraw and think everything through thoroughly before they act. They get a -2 penalty to all pool until they've had a chance to withdraw and spent a scene in solitude. If in combat, forego initiative ranking: the vampire will go last. They can spend a level of Willpower to end the Compulsion early.<ref name="IM136" />


==Clan Compulsions==
===Banu Haqim===
{{#lst:Banu Haqim|compulsion}}

===Brujah===
{{#lst:Brujah|compulsion}}

===Gangrel===
{{#lst:Gangrel|compulsion}}

===Caitiff===
{{#lst:Caitiff|compulsion}}

===Hecata===
{{#lst:Hecata|compulsion}}

===Lasombra===
{{#lst:Lasombra|compulsion}}

===Malkavian===
{{#lst:Malkavian|compulsion}}

===The Ministry===
{{#lst:The Ministry|compulsion}}

===Nosferatu===
{{#lst:Nosferatu|compulsion}}

===Ravnos===
{{#lst:Ravnos|compulsion}}

===Salubri===
{{#lst:Salubri|compulsion}}

===Toreador===
{{#lst:Toreador|compulsion}}

===Tremere===
{{#lst:Tremere|compulsion}}

===Tzimisce===
{{#lst:Tzimisce|compulsion}}

===Ventrue===
{{#lst:Ventrue|compulsion}}

===Thin-blood===
{{#lst:Thin-blood|compulsion}}
{{Template:GameConceptsNavbox}}
[[Category:Index]]

== References ==
