{{Creed
| header=Entrepreneurial
| nicknames=Hustlers, Jobbers, Startups
| suggestededges=[[Edges#Fleet|Fleet]], [[Edges#Improvised Gear|Improvised Gear]], [[Edges#Drone Jockey|Drone Jockey]]<ref name="CB34">[[Hunter: The Reckoning Corebook]], page 34</ref>
| commondrives=Curiosity, Greed, Envy<ref name="CB34"/>
| source=[[Hunter: The Reckoning Corebook]]
}}

__TOC__

==Creed Field==
<section begin=creed field/>While on the Hunt, develop, create, enhance, or repair. <section end=creed field/><ref name="CB34"/>

==Personality==
The Entrepreneurial appeals to those who want greater freedom in how they operate, who are willing to take a risk for the potential reward, and who are inventors. They solve problems using tried-and-true techniques as well as trial and error. Some of these Hunters are more "mad scientists" or garage inventors, while others have backgrounds in the military or business with extensive protocols. Those who are resourceful enough have discovered a way to profit from the Hunt. Entrepreneurials who have unveiled the unpleasant truth about the existence of the supernatural may find it fulfilling to use their interests to better the world. <ref name="CB33>[[Hunter: The Reckoning Corebook]], page 33</ref>

==Tactics==

When the Hunt doesn’t entail unknown murderous entities, the Entrepreneurial may go into the fray with the intention of capturing or observing the Quarry rather than killing it. Coming back with a resource that can be subject to experimentation is often part of their nature. This may lead to specialized equipment that can then aid them in conflict or be turned into a replicated product to be sold to recoup costs. Cells with Entrepreneurial members may utilize untested methods while in the field, and in some cases, they may not even know they are being risky. However, improvising is common for Hunters as there’s no written playbook that describes how to approach situations. This makes outcomes unpredictable most of the time, especially when they’ve used the Entrepreneurial’s latest invention. <ref name="CB34"/>

==Dangers==
Hunters face many dangers, but a danger specific to the Entrepreneurial is the loss of their tools, gadgets, and inventions. Something dropped in desperation can lead to their quarry finding the tool. It’s not impossible for the supernatural creatures of the night to destroy, understand, or possibly even use them against the Hunter. The danger can quickly shift from the loss of an important tool to something worse as the quarry uses the gadget against the cell.

The approach of capturing quarry instead of eradicating them also comes with great risk. This can potentially expose them to the powers of the supernatural, especially those they are unaware of. A destroyed vampire cannot rot the minds of the living, but a vampire caged could certainly make the attempt. <ref name="CB34"/>

==Example archetypes==
* '''Full-time part-timer: '''Struggling financially, the full-time, part-time Hunter stumbled into a promising job of knock-off exorcism. While the job didn’t work out, their eyes were opened to the reality of the world of supernatural creatures. <ref name="CB34"/>
* '''Contract Broker: ''' This Hunter hides the type of "pest control" they do to union officials, getting contracts from orgs to line their pockets, but these rival orgs barely supply the cell. <ref name="CB35">[[Hunter: The Reckoning Corebook]], page 35</ref>
* '''Influencer: '''A Hunter who discredits the online presence of Supernatural and their cell’s operations through the means of creepy pastas and other influential means. <ref name="CB35"/>
* '''Club Promoter: '''Having worked in the nightlife scene for some time, the Club Promoter is aware of the types of creatures that lurk in these places. Having witnessed it once themselves, they now work to lure the Quarry into a trap. <ref name="CB35"/>


{{GameConceptsNavbox}}

==References==
[[Category:Index]][[Category:Creeds]]
