{{Creed
| header=Inquisitive
| nicknames=Visionaries, Sleuths, Sherlocks
| suggestededges=[[Edges#Library|Library]], [[Edges#Global Access|Global Access]], [[Edges#Beast Whisperer|Beast Whisperer]], [[Edges#Sense the Unnatural|Sense the Unnatural]]<ref name="CB42">[[Hunter: The Reckoning Corebook]], page 42</ref>
| commondrives=Curiosity, Pride, Greed<ref name="CB42"/>
| source=[[Hunter: The Reckoning Corebook]]
}}

__TOC__

==Creed Field==
<section begin=creed field/>While on the Hunt, acquiring information through means such as studying, break-ins and interrogation.<section end=creed field/><ref name="CB42"/>

==Personality==
Inquisitive are the type of people who want to know more about the problem before making an attempt to solve it. They are the people who take apart electronics to understand how they work, learn a language to read an untranslated text, or sneak into a place after it’s closed to use its resources. On the individual level, the motivations and methods vary greatly from Hunter to Hunter. Some have military reconnaissance backgrounds or simply raw charisma that allows them to move inside crowds different from themselves and function without fear in the effort to gather information. Whereas others may be clever and enjoy outsmarting not only supernatural creatures but also the orgs.<ref name="CB41">[[Hunter: The Reckoning Corebook]], page 41</ref>
==Tactics==
Inquisitive Hunters are aware of the stereotype that they are the glasses-wearing nerds who are easily outmatched by the stronger and better-equipped Hunters. And so, they are often the most knowledgeable and prepared, taking to heart that understanding one’s enemy is the best weapon to use against them. They’d rather let the others break down the door and begin firing; the wise Inquisitor has already slipped in and out through the basement window and stolen the goodies from the quarry’s lair.

The most important thing to an Inquisitive Hunter is learning rather than destroying the monster. The best way to pass on that knowledge is by sharing it with others; hence, hence why Inquisitive Hunters generally favor survival tactics over engagement tactics. With this comes a more favorable approach to reconnaissance instead of neutralization. Generally, Inquisitive Hunters are more lightly armed than other creeds due to this. With their knowledge of the occult and how little they are aware they truly know or understand, for an Inquisitive Hunter withdrawal is preferred to long-running conflict.

Inquisitive Hunters are much more likely to save a victim, recover some sort of artifact, collect a sample from an incapacitated target, or confirm previously observed data. <ref name="CB42"/>

==Dangers==
The most immediate danger to the Inquisitive Hunter is that they want to gather information on subjects who do not want this information to be obtained. The second biggest threat to them is that the creatures they attempt to gather information on are powerful and hostile towards those who would reveal their existence or divulge their secrets. With Inquisitive Hunters being generally not being the most martially strong, this combination of all three makes for their careers to be short-lived. Things also get complicated easily, as Inquisitive Hunters generally can only prepare in broad strokes and are not prepared for every specific case. <ref name="CB42"/>
==Example archetypes==
* '''Data liberator: '''For whatever reason, the Hunter purchased a dump of a bank’s user information and dug into it for fun. What they discovered was that someone had been painstakingly creating and hiding accounts for a single person. The only problem is that the person is seemingly hundreds of years old. <ref name="CB43">[[Hunter: The Reckoning Corebook]], page 43</ref>
* '''Claims specialist: '''Working for an insurance company to ensure that the company needs to cover the claims means knowing what’s important to someone. When a historical curiosity piques the Hunter’s interest, they know they need to find some others interested to help dig into the individual. <ref name="CB43"/>
* '''Adjunct professor: '''The Hunter knew something was up when an honorary teacher’s tenure seemed far too long at their school. With their questions shut down and their job always at risk, they’ve only managed to build up a few trustworthy contacts in the pursuit of what’s really going on. <ref name="CB43"/>
* '''Route driver: '''The Hunter’s job has had a high turnover rate, with the previous drivers all disappearing without notice. Even the locals occasionally do the same, but with the high crime rate in the area, no one notices. The interesting thing is that it’s not just property crime but human disappearances that push the Hunter to look deeper into what’s really happening. <ref name="CB43"/>


{{GameConceptsNavbox}}

==References==
[[Category:Index]][[Category:Creeds]]
