{{Creed
| header=Martial
| nicknames=Warriors, Avengers, Defenders
| suggestededges=[[Edges#Arsenal|Arsenal]], [[Edges#Fleet|Fleet]], [[Edges#Ordnance|Ordnance]], [[Edges#Artifact|Artifact]]<ref name="CB46">[[Hunter: The Reckoning Corebook]], page 46</ref>
| commondrives=Vengeance, Pride, Envy<ref name="CB46"/>
| source=[[Hunter: The Reckoning Corebook]]
}}

__TOC__

==Creed Field==
<section begin=creed field/>While on the Hunt, any physical conflict, regardless of whether with a supernatural creature or not, <section end=creed field/> <ref name="CB46"/>

==Personality==
Martial Hunters may come from a military background, be idealists who prefer clear action, or merely desire to bring down supernatural creatures regardless of the cost. Not all are the front-liners, with plenty preferring to be engineers or fulfill a support role. The unifying trait among them is that they generally prefer some type of combative solution. While the Creed itself may suggest a simplistic approach, Hunters have a wide spectrum of motivations.

Martial Hunters seek finality when it comes to the supernatural. Whatever opened their eyes to the supernatural, they strive to protect people from the same tragedies. They Hunt to protect; the only good monster is a dead monster, and they prefer to land the kill themselves to ensure there’s no question about its demise. <ref name="CB45">[[Hunter: The Reckoning Corebook]], page 45</ref>

==Tactics==
The basics of the Martial creed are to find the quarry and destroy it. There are, of course, more steps and nuance, but the essence is making the final strike to kill the monster. It’s no question that the Martial creed knows the value of intelligence gathering and other preparations, but the primary focus of the Hunt is dealing with the quarry so that it can no longer harm victims.

Given their broad attitude, their playbook is huge, covering everything from breaking into the lair of a vampire to long nights of stakeouts and reconnaissance. With so many Martial Hunters having some form of extensive outfitting and rigorous training, many play a role in ensuring that their operations conclude in a way that matches their cell’s desires. <ref name="CB46">[[Hunter: The Reckoning Corebook]], page 46</ref>

==Dangers==
Perhaps more common than any other creed type, extremists and Martial Hunters are easier to discern. The first is motivated by their drive to pursue the supernatural. Fully aware that these creatures target innocent victims and are very real. Whereas the extremist draws fractured conclusions about the supernatural. Believing that the creatures are some deluded plot to push a political aspect or other outlandish theory. The difference between these two is clear, as one is true and the other is baseless conjecture or deliberate misinformation.

In addition to this, the Martial Hunter is more likely to face a double threat that can harm their personal lives. Like all Hunters, the secret nature of what they do can fracture and destabilize their relationships and responsibilities. This goes further, as their tendency for frontline responses means they often either alienate their family by telling them the truth but making it sound made up, such as "vampires are really real", or they are forced to relocate to keep them safe. With the feeling of free will being stripped away, many times a bigger cause is calling the shots and taking away their choice. <ref name="CB46"/>

==Example archetypes==
* '''Dropout: '''Once training to hunt the supernatural, they dropped out after the quarry was messing with their minds. The feelings left them unwilling to ever go into the field again, but even after being out for so long, they know those creatures are still out there and feel the need to do something about it. <ref name="CB47-38">[[Hunter: The Reckoning Corebook]], page 47-48</ref>
* '''Engineer: '''Every problem has a solution, and if the solution is missing, this Hunter will cross that bridge when they get there. They have lost far too many comrades-in-arms to give up finding the answers now. <ref name="CB48">[[Hunter: The Reckoning Corebook]], page 48</ref>
* '''Burned Asset: ''' The op was a bad idea, and everyone knew it, especially the Hunter who was named the bait. When they were simply trying to get the attention of the creature, no one expected the number of creatures that were actually there. Once their comms went dead, everyone knew they’d been compromised. Miraculously, the Hunter survived but was cut off from everyone and HQ, with them being forced to look over their shoulder ever since. <ref name="CB48"/>
* '''Sharpshooter: ''' Supernaturals rarely go down with a single shot; it's the Sharpshooters job to make sure they do. It takes a lot of composure and split decision-making to take out a target that requires multiple rounds. Unless that target is human, a mistake that ended with the Hunter withdrawing from the force And have since taken a journey of atonement and redemption. <ref name="CB48"/>


{{GameConceptsNavbox}}

==References==
[[Category:Index]][[Category:Creeds]]
