{{Sect
| header=Anarch
| symbol=Anarch symbol.png
| nicknames=The Movement
| predominateclans= {{icon|brujah}} [[Brujah]]
{{icon|gangrel}} [[Gangrel]] <br>
{{icon|ministry}} [[The Ministry]] <br>
{{icon|caitiff}} [[Caitiff]] (sometimes) <br>
{{icon|camarilla}} [[Camarilla]] clan dissidents <br><ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Players Guide]], page 64</ref>
}}

==Who are the Anarchs==
<section begin=summary/>
Originally called the Anarch Revolt, this sect is as old as the revolution against the [[Camarilla]] itself. In recent decades it has seen vast growth as younger kindred find it increasingly difficult to understand why they must follow the laws of elders who care nothing for them, but to throw them in harms way when needed. All vampires who fall outside of the Tower's control are considered "unbound", and the Anarch movement is a small but visible subsection of the unbound who, rather than hide, have decided to fight back. They fight to claim territory from those who oppress them, as the ancient hands that held onto it are disappearing due to the Beckoning or other outside forces. <section end=summary/>

Word on the street is that the Anarchs seek revolution. With more and more elders disappearing and younger fresher kindred appearing the Anarch numbers grow. The centuries long lethargy has worn off as they remember how to fight.<ref name=":0">[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 54-55</ref>

==Culture==
Just as with Camarilla domains, each Anarch domain is different. Anarch values vary from domain to domain, with one unifying trait: Rebellion against the Tower. Princes are quick to deal out punishments not only for breach of archaic laws, but for any trace of association to the Movement. But the footing Camarilla Courts once had are slipping, especially after members of the sect were suspected for the advent of the [[Second Inquisition]].

Most Camarilla vampires influence humankind from deep within the shadows, manipulating them from the outside. Many Anarchs, however, integrate themselves into mortal lives to a much larger degree. This guise makes them simultaneously safe and vulnerable. Their connection to mortals leaves room for mistakes, but they are also members of mortal society rather than a mansion-bound recluse.<ref name=":0" />

Some Kindred have nickname to distinguish their "traitorous" political leanings from their Camarilla counterparts.

* Unchained [[Malkavian|Malkavians]] - called so from the belief they are disconnected to the Blood and Network.<ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Anarch]], pages 132 - 133</ref>
* Red [[Nosferatu]] - Mockingly called so by the Camarilla but adopted by Anarch Nosferatu for having a "mini revolution."<ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Anarch]], pages 164 - 165</ref>
* Abstract [[Toreador]] - Mockingly called so by Camarilla Toreadors, and adopted by Anarch Toreadors.<ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Anarch]], pages 166 - 169</ref>
* Ipsissimus [[Tremere]] - Sometimes considered the fourth house, these Anarchs are called so because many pursue an arcane sense of self, hence the name.<ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Anarch]], pages 170 - 172</ref>
* Free [[Ventrue]] - Many considers themselves free from the traditions, taboos, and hierarchy of the clan.<ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Anarch]], pages 173 - 175</ref>

==Structure==
Some Anarch domains possess a Prince or, as the Anarchs call them, Baron. Other domains are instead controlled by gangs who each have their own turf. Below are some roles or groups that an Anarch domain may or may not have. It is also possible for Anarchs to have a combination of these roles and groups in one singular domain.<ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 55</ref>

Baron is an informal title for the Anarch leader of a domain. How they have or wield the power varies by domain and groups. They may be charismatic gang leaders, brutal warlords, an elected public representative, or any other form of leadership. A particular distrusted type of Baron is the one who claim the sole seat of a whole city, like a Prince. They may keep the power to dole out hunting ground<ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 319</ref> and make major decisions, depending on the domain and their base of power.<ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Anarch]], pages 39 - 40</ref>   

An Anarch Revolutionary Council may also be the governing body that wields the power in a domain, or they may do it alongside a Baron. Councils are groups of Kindred that may ostensibly be "appointed" or "elected" depending on the domain, though any formal process is likely just sham. The councilors may claim the right to set hunting grounds and set up the policies of the domain. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], pages 307</ref> <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 317</ref> <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], pages 321</ref> <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Anarch]], pages 39 - 40</ref>

Emissaries are diplomats who may work between gangs, cells, councils, Barons, or from Anarch domains to Camarilla domains. As a domain can have any number of factions within and outside; some domain necessitate a large amount of emissaries to push a groups agenda or deliver messages. 

Sweeper is a controversial role that some domains may have that may not even be official. This role is for powerful Anarchs who have the power and gumption to remove problem Kindred from the domain. Traitorous gangs, Kindred on an Embracing spree, a Camarilla spy, etc. They deal with it one way or another. They work like the fixer of the domain who other Anarchs can appeal to for such problems. Those that take the role may find it socially isolating. 

Gangs are similar to a coterie, a group of Anarchs who carve out territory or turf and they overlook it. Oftentimes may get into conflicts with others when they claim too much or clash with other gangs. 

Cells are underground coteries of Anarchs who work similar to a political cabal or criminal syndicate. Cells do not usually get into as much open conflict as gangs, as they prefer working with clandestine tactics and emphasize security. They may operate in Camarilla territory making their secrecy even more important.<ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Anarch]], pages 39 - 40</ref>    
== History ==

=== The Age of Carthage ===
[[Carthage]] is sometimes called the "Third City" in Anarch circles, said to be a major hub for vampires and mortals coexisting like in the First and Second city of Kindred lore. While much debate over the city’s nature still rages, especially with the Camarilla and Anarch account, it still stands as an inspiration to many. The North African city is said to have lacked any need for vampires to hide. Kindred were in leadership roles, but the degree is uncertain. Troile, the supposed [[Brujah]] Antediluvian, is claimed to have led the city with Brujah and [[Banu Haqim]] vampires as the undead majority. The city was eventually destroyed by a [[Ventrue]] and [[Malkavian]] backed Rome and Troile buried under the earth. Though the city fell, it remained in many Kindred’s mind as a symbol of defiance to the old ways, for better or worse. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Anarch]], pages 196</ref> <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Anarch]], pages 15-16</ref>

=== First Inquisition ===
With the First Inquisition in full swing the flames of the Inquisition hit Kindred hard. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Camarilla]], page 68</ref> During the 15th Century elders used their childer as pawns to sacrifice to save themselves from the Inquisition, but not all of the young Kindred died. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Sabbat: The Black Hand]], page 92</ref> Some modern [[Camarilla]] vampires blame Kindred arrogance and their mingling with mortal for the hunting and destruction of Kindred.<ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Camarilla]], pages 168-169</ref>  Whatever the case, Europe found itself in the First Anarch Revolt.<ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Anarch]], pages 19-20</ref>

=== The First Anarch Revolt ===
Young Kindred were tired of being seen as toys and properties of their sires, who often emplyed a more draconian system where loyalty was ensured with Blood Bonds and enforced expectations of servility to older monsters. The Anarch ideas challenged the status quo. A Brujah vampire, Tyler, rose to prominence as “the First Anarch”. A rebel English peasant in life, she spread the ideals and revolutionary violence that would later become the movement.<ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Anarch]], pages 16-18</ref> <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Anarch]], pages 195</ref> To fight the Blood Bond it is said warbands of kindred discovered Blood Sorcery that broke their Bonds and instead tied them to their comrades. This allowed Anarchs to strike out against their old masters.

Major events that highlighted the movement was the apparent destruction of the [[Tzimisce]] and Lasombra clans' progenitors. These rumors gave the Anarchs a sense of legitimacy and galvanized younger Kindred. Many leaders of the movement were of the Brujah, Banu Haqim, and Lasombra clans, though most clans experienced their fledglings and neonates revolting against the old ways to some extent. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Anarch]], pages 198</ref> <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Sabbat: The Black Hand]], Pages 91-93</ref>

=== Convention of Thorns ===
Even with the Revolt in full swing Kindred society was still plagued by the Inquisition. It is rumored that the elders began luring the Inquisition towards the Anarchs, though elders claim that it was the audacious attacks of the Anarchs that attracted the inquisitors. Either way, all Kindred were being worn down by the onslaught. A peace summit was proposed --- the Convention of Thorns --- and the formation of a Kindred alliance by Hardestadt the Elder and his associates. In 1493, the deal was offered with mixed reactions. The Lasombra and Minister representatives refused<ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 287</ref>, more extremists like Tyler led a walk out, but the majority of Anarch leaders signed the alliance and acknowledged the Camarilla and its traditions as law for all Kindred. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Camarilla]], page 68</ref> <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Anarch]], pages 19 - 20</ref>

The immediate consequence of the Camarilla formation was a vicious attack by Anarch extremists, who loathed the deal their leaders struck. Silchester was at the center of a mass Masquerade violation and the supposed destruction of Hardestadt the Elder by Tyler. To her regret, this faction of Anarchs soon turned into kindred supremacists, eventually becoming the [[Sabbat]]. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Anarch]], pages 198</ref> <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], pages 48-49</ref> <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Anarch]], pages 16</ref><ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Sabbat: The Black Hand]], Pages 91-93</ref>

For the years after, the Anarchs worked more so as a political ideology or wing under the Camarilla umbrella,<ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Anarch]], pages 32</ref>  even fighting in the Sect Wars in the 90s against Sabbat incursion on New World cities.<ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], pages 392</ref> That said, there were locations where more hardliners pushed to differentiate themselves, such as the Anarch Free States.

=== Various Revolts over the Years ===
With the Anarchs not having one solid doctrine, domains have risen and fallen over the years. Some enduring, others fleeting. 

==== Paris ====
Paris is considered along with London and Berlin to be the three Camarilla jewels of the Old World, strongholds since its founding.<ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Camarilla]], page 119</ref>  This stronghold was lost twice to Anarchs, during the French Revolution and May 68. The Revolution was bloody and led to many elders destroyed by both mortal mobs and Anarch groups. Prince Francois Villon was forced to flee the city. In the end kine got new ideals to spread in Europe, but Kindred saw Francois return and return to the status quo. May 68 had a seemingly similar start for Kindred, but was prevented from becoming a full uprising. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Anarch]], pages 22-24</ref>

==== The Soviet Union ====
Young Kindred used the October Revolution as a means to rage war against the elders. They succeeded in the uprising and now they wanted a new country, ruled by the Congress of the Revolutionary Council, or the Brujah Council. Their aim was to make an egalitarian society from the Blood of Princes and elders.  like Carthage, though for Kindred but not necessarily mortals. That proved to be a major issue for Kindred in the USSR: whether mortals deserve to be treated equal to Kindred. This motion was eventually brought to a vote and lost, with the Council officially seeing mortals as just tools and food, forever changing the course of the Soviet Anarchs. Kindred with mortal sympathies were purged, Masquerade breaches harshly punished, and mortals manipulated to easily give blood. It all fell apart as the mortal nation dissolved and Princes started to stake out individual domains. Some Anarchs still hold enmity to those of the old Brujah Council. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Anarch]], pages 25-27</ref> <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Anarch]], pages 117 - 119</ref>

==== The Anarch Free States ====
Los Angeles, California in the United States was host to a revolution in 1943. Camarilla Prince Don Sebastian’s rule was challenged, and revolution was underway. Jeremy MacNeil rallied the Kindred of the domain to stand up to the cruelty of the Prince. In 1944, Don Sebastian supposedly met final death at the hands of Salvador Garcia. Making MacNeil and Garcia Anarch icons, and the Camarilla considered the area a lost cause for years to come. The Anarch States survived Sabbat invasions, Camarilla incursions, and others trying to impose their rule. The area is largely many smaller domains in the San Fernando Valley; ruled by gangs, cells, Barons, etc. who only come together during times of crisis. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Anarch]], pages 29 - 31</ref> <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Anarch]], pages 73</ref> <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Anarch]], pages 190</ref> <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Anarch]], pages 190</ref>

=== Defection from the Camarilla ===
As the turn of the millennium came to pass, so began the War on Terror and the so-called Second Inquisition. By unearthing old bank accounts and vampire communications thought encrypted, agents in different levels of the government began noticing Kindred activity. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 56</ref> Camarilla vampires began to leak information on Anarchs to the FBI and NSA to divert attention. The Red Question, a divisive Anarch hacktivist group, disappeared around this time just a few years after causing a major financial loss to many Camarilla vampires through the crash of 2008.<ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Anarch]], page 193</ref> Other problem Anarch groups saw more attention from mortal governments.  Such disruptions to Courts and factions soon lead to a call for a Conclave to discuss the future of Camarilla domains.

While it is technically the Conclave of Prague, the Anarchs have taken to calling it the Convention of Prague, paralleling it to the importance of the Convention of Thorns. There, Camarilla Courts' new secret policy of directing Second Inquisition operations to not just Sabbat, but also Anarch domains, came to light. This alienated many Brujah and Anarchs. Theo Bell decapitated Hardestadt and galvanized other malcontents to attack Camarilla officials and defected. A ripple effect from this spread quickly, cities flipped, Anarch domains swelled, and political lines were drawn. The Anarchs had officially broken off from the Camarilla for their betrayal. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Anarch]], page 34</ref><ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Camarilla]], pages 174 - 176</ref>

=== War of Ages ===
Anarch activity received aid in secret from Gangrel sympathizers.<ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Camarilla]], pages 174-175</ref> Now with aid, numbers, and motivation, the Anarch could capitalize on Camarilla domains bereft of elders from the Beckoning. Anarchs advanced on weak Camarilla domains, and even abandoned Sabbat domains, spreading the revolution and inspiring others to rise up. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], pages 37-39</ref> <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], pages 54 - 55</ref> This was most famously seen with the fall of the Camarilla stronghold Berlin where an infamously cruel Camarilla Prince was overthrown by a mob of Kindred slaying him in the open. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Camarilla]], pages 111 - 112</ref>

The turn of events has led to a number of things. The first is the Camarilla shutting its doors to anyone not pledging their allegiance, as well as no longer welcoming anyone of 14th generation or weaker. They also instituted limits on technology, banning the use of networked computers and phones in fear of the now rampant Second Inquisition. Anarchs, typically more adept at using tech, plan to leverage this to their advantage. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Corebook]], page 57</ref> The Anarchs were soon joined by the Ministry. A clan that was recently spurned by the Camarilla, as they tested the waters joining the Tower and investing, their meeting was blown up and their enemies, the Banu Haqim, invited instead. The Ministers aided the Anarchs in spreading the Movement in places not once thought accessible. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Anarch]], pages 175-183</ref>  Many young Tzimisce have gone Anarch as well, finding their elders’ and sires’ greed hampers their own growth. <ref>[[Vampire: The Masquerade Companion Guide]], page 18</ref>
== Prominent Kindred ==
Agata Starek - A Brujah Anarch of infamy. Polish-born Kindred has taken on many monikers, all inspired for her appetite for Camarilla Princes. A serial diablerist and Bahari sympthaizer, she engages in more brutal methods against the Tower. 

[[Brujah#Notable characters|Theo Bell]] 

[[Brujah#Notable characters|Salvador Garcia]]

[[Gangrel#Notable characters|Rudi]]

[[Brujah#Notable characters|Jeremy MacNeil]]

[[Caitiff#Notable characters|Maldavis]]

[[Brujah#Notable characters|Anita Wainwright]]
{{Template:GameConceptsNavbox}}
[[Category:Index]]
==References==
[[Category:Factions]]
